I would prefer not to even read the letter.
And so I have Mr. Hoover's personal permission to do so.
Oh, let's ridiculous to sure.
He can make me secretary that you read the letter a lot.
Can you please be immediate to see whether he
can read his speech in your mind?
He's a high-class.
He's like the personal confidential letter
from Mr. Jay of the Hoover.
It's something that I would like to talk to Mr. Hoover
about before I am forced to read it.
Others, Mr. Hoover gives me the permission.
I'll be glad to read the letter.
I'll be glad to testify a bully with respect to it,
to the limit of my ability.
But I do not think I ought to be asked to read, even read.
This is a moment, a letter, personal and confidential,
written by Jay of the Hoover.
That just doesn't seem like the right thing to do.
I make the term.
Mr. David Vistachar, Mr. Chairman.
If the copy of that letter is authentic,
and I certainly have no basis upon which
the doubt or question is this time,
then the original is in the file of the secretary of the Army.
It would not be in his file.
Had it not been intended to the E, our son's support
and someone under his command,
read it and be familiarize himself with it.
I want to order.
In the file of the Army.
Well, in the file, but you see, at the letter, a dress,
we're just wasting a lot of time here.
I think it'd be something.
Good morning, everybody.
I just want to get a letter.
If I understand correctly, a dress to who?
To General Bowling.
Who was General Bowling?
I assume he was G2 at that time.
Now, I don't know how it automatically
followed, all of it would be in the file
to the secretary of the Army.
I assume it's in G2.
You did say it, I said.
I assume it's in G2 in the file.
That's what it is.
All I want to say is, yes, that matter
be gone over in the meeting.
Come back with a full report in the morning.
We can get on with something now.
Let me ask you.
The secretary of the department of the department
is a secretary of the department of the department
of the G2 file.
We'll see whether or not it has a drop to that letter.
Does that have to do with that?
I'll make a point of order.
I'll just start getting a similar evidence
of the secretary of the department of the department.
I think that you're at half the G2 people check it
and find out whether the original outbreak
of the manner that we have before today
is in their file.
That's point number one.
Point number two.
Check and find out whether that letter was called
to the personal attention of the secretary of the department.
Now, these have no knowledge of it.
I assume all the questions relating
to the secretary of the department.
That's this time or not, the secretary of the department.
It might be correct.
As the committee will move to the next.
I have a German order, please.
That's what I mean.
It has to be fine.
It works.
Mr. Chairman, when I left the National Security
Resource Board, there was a coordinated group
of people which at that time as I remember it,
Mr. Jay Eckahoeber was the chairman.
The secretary of the army, since the summer of 1949,
does not sit on the National Security Council.
Therefore, he has no connection with the Central Intelligence
Agency, or with the advisory submission
on intelligence, at the Central Intelligence Agency,
which reports that the National Security Council is
identified with.
Now, this letter is more personal and confidential,
and it is not signed.
It is very possible that it is the letter.
I do not know because I have not read it.
But based on the structure of the executive department
of the government, it is entirely possible that this letter
was addressed to General Bowling, and is not a letter
which is supposed to be shown to the secretary of the army.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, wait.
I'll just say it's possible.
Mr. Chairman.
I have not read it.
I have heard many ridiculous things.
So I'll just say we'll talk about it.
But you say that something dealing with the communist
activities, and none of the secretary's demands,
should not be seen by me, and it is the most ridiculous
I have ever heard of.
And I'll ask the letter.
Here, Mr. Chairman, all I ask is for the secretary to look
at it, so that he can search the file and tell us
whether or not the original of that letter is in the file.
I've heard many suggestions, and although these heard,
it's persuaded most by one made by Senator Jackson.
I'm thinking to make a considerable degree of check
to the chairman, and that the secretary
take enough of a look at the letter
so that he will recognize it when he sees it in the file,
but then every check made of the file
is due to the see what ever it is.
And one back in the morning,
if you have a secretary, it will.
I'm all on, even though it's a tight.
I'm all around, even a tight.
And there's a room over the address.
Mr. Chairman, we've got General Bowling
to proceed on that basis.
We can start expediting a little bit of Mr. Chairman.
Sometimes I do not know the contents of the letter.
I do know that the letter risks to the intelligence.
A part of the confidential by Mr. James Hulver.
And I agree with my colleague, who
says that before the letter is made public property,
I suggest the letter that the approval of the letter
should be requested as far as publication
goes from Mr. J. Hulver.
Chair, does not understand there's any different position
than the file of anyone to make the contents of the letter
public.
Is that correct?
That's correct.
I don't see why we're wasting all this time on a letter
that we don't understand the public.
You're putting the evidence.
Chairman, I wish there's a chairman,
Mr. Chairman, who was this one.
It was presented, allegedly, by General Hulver,
to G2, have represented to the Secretary.
And I believe the Secretary can find that out
and say, you have to know, without disclosing
the contents of the letter.
So he has a chance to make a check to the front.
Mr. Chairman, I wonder if that is how the Secretary just
take a little peek at the letter, so he was recognized.
If you don't want to read it, Mr. Secretary,
I have your advice that you might.
Mr. Chairman, I understand that the Secretary has already
said that he can as ever further
let him be providing the name of the address
and the date on the bed.
And the date so you'll be able to report in the morning.
I think that's why the decision
continues as a discussion of the letter at this time.
And we have to be on that basis in Southern Rick.
MacArthur, Michigan, Virginia, question on some other questions.
We ask the letter, remaining with Mr. Jenkins,
to be only happy I got.
I am full of difficulty of the account.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to pursue this question
a little further without revealing one single thing
of a confidential nature.
I think the committee is entitled to it.
Now, Mr. Secretary, I'm certainly not asking you to reveal
any of the contents of this letter.
I have read it.
And there will be no revelation of the contents of it
as far as I'm concerned.
If it is a letter from J. Edgar Hoover,
address to make your general a bully.
And if it has to do with security risks in the army,
whether or not the original of this letter,
they'd be January 26, 1951, properly
be in the fows of the Pentagon in the intelligence department.
I would think that's why the idea is that,
since you became Secretary of the Army, as I understand it,
you now have no personal knowledge of this letter
without having read it.
You have no recollection of seeing a letter from Mr. Hoover
dated January 26, 1951.
Is that correct?
Sure, please have your read.
Just a couple questions.
I don't know where to ask you.
Well, I haven't read a lot of the very well out.
I'll pass you down a really quick many letters.
And today I will read.
And if you know the technical, the no-one,
he's read one without a notice.
So today, we understand that you personally
cannot see all our respondents.
But would this letter be there in the Pentagon
in the intelligence department of these levels
to the intelligence department that is now operating under you,
and which has been operating under use
in February of 4, 1953?
I would assume so.
You would assume so, Judge.
It would not, Mr. Secretary, be your duty,
and I'm making a statement of facts.
To take this letter and to personally do
care how any instructions contain any details
any there are.
But would or not, it be the duty of your intelligence department
operating under you for the past year or more,
to take cognizance of this letter,
and to do whatever is indicated by the letter
is that correct or not?
Yes, I say that correct, although I feel much better able
to answer your question, that I have read, which I will
prefer not to do as indicated.
But, Mr. Secretary, aren't the letters
in the intelligence department all the facts,
say the documents, information available
to you as Secretary of the Army?
Are they available?
Yes, sure.
I do you are not convinced your duty, your privilege,
not not your duty, but your privilege,
to personally acquaint yourself with any facts contained
in any documents in the intelligence department.
It would be utterly unmovable.
I just made that clear.
If you're utterly unmovable, not your duty,
like two and a half years old as a letter,
and there are probably several million documents there,
and I wouldn't have a part of the order
you're known about them all.
Would there be anything improper in you
as a Secretary going to the intelligence department
and examining not only this document,
but any other documents that's found there?
Well, I think in general, as correct,
you sure I can consider the document
running in there, but that might be personally
a dose for somebody that would not be
possible for me to look at.
Frankly, I think Mr. Secretary and gentlemen
in the committee that there's nothing
wrong in the Secretary reading the letter in its entirety.
Is the Secretary of the Army any part of it
that he sees fit for the purpose of determining tonight,
whether or not the original of it Mr. Welles
and Mr. Secretary, is in the fows
of the intelligence department of the Army,
and for that purpose only, am I correct or not?
Now, that's just happened.
I am a rather simple lawyer.
But when I see something, you're not under oath
and it's all because of the name of J. S. Groover,
and Edited the top personal and confidential
and apparently sent by hand, I am so easily impressed,
sir, that when I read those words,
I dropped the letter believing it was improper for me,
and I believe it was improper for the senator
to have it in his possession or make it his business courtless.
And I understand it if they gracious the law
to disclose any of these confidential matters involving
the M. P. I. Now, we'll find that letter, Mr. Jenkins,
if we have to keep 14 curbs up for 14 nights,
and we'll get it if it's there.
After we've got it, then you'll still have
to question what you're going to do with it.
Mr. Welles, may I have a question
based on the secretary's statement
that he saw nothing improper about his examining any record,
this or any other record in the intelligence department
of the Army?
I think that's right, but that's first fine difference there,
and that he will do tonight as I say,
if it takes all of us all night to find it.
And I think that's the case, the suggestion.
From the senator, the senator said,
I'm so tired of the letter I was about to say
that the senator from the West Coast.
I think you're taking the third correct,
and I would like now to move on because I cannot erase
from my mind just that so impropriate
even dealing with this letter any further on what I have seen.
Then it's not necessary for the secretary
to see it further for the frame about it.
I think not, we've all eaten it.
January 26, 1950, and we've seen that it's
single space that we have a pretty good idea
when it looks like it.
And we'll talk to you in a second question,
which is the letters to see.
You quite confident that if you see the letter
in question with the secretary,
in the fire, you are lucky guys
that this is to be the same as this kind of.
I will certainly not identify any letters from Mr. Hoover
on that day, so any more bring them up too.
Very good.
Then I'm going to ask you if we see that
and some other questions.
Just as I said, you're going to look
to share on your one other statement.
The plan is a condense of this letter
that are so invalid, so important, so sacred,
and carry with them so many implications,
even of the values of all, that I respectfully decline
Senator McCartney's request to that,
personally, be the best-thode unit of his letter.
And now, in the presence of everybody,
I respectfully defend the McCartney.
Here we go.
Now I want to be called a academic artist,
and I may receive inspections or do not deal with the letter.
Mr. Secretary, let's forget about this letter
for the planning, but let me ask you this,
but have you ever been told that there are series of letters
in the files of due to from the FBI pointing
up the dangerous security risk for being kept in,
and the radar laboratory, the Fort Monmouth,
but those letters referred to individuals
who were, when I hit the mood, your head at one time.
Individuals who were in contact with members
of espionage rings, some referring to Coleman,
specifically, a mid-printer, 21 letter, but a series of letters,
are learning the department of the Army
to the dangerous situation exist in that Fort Monmouth.
Others going back over a period of, I don't know, how many years.
I've been through too long, while I'm fine, repressed.
It has too long, you've got it.
Pretty long.
Let me ask you this, Mr. Secretary.
Has it been brought to your attention?
There are a series of warnings from the FBI
in regard to the situation at Fort Monmouth.
And those warnings were disregarded
until the committee started its hearings.
It's investigation.
No, sir, that last part is not right.
And we, if the Army, have been in contact with the FBI
in respect to Fort Monmouth over a long period of time.
Right now, you would like to give you a chapter in verse
on that, but there again, I feel that I should have Mr. Hoover's
permission to do so.
Well, if you would have financed your might,
you say you've been in contact with the FBI.
I have to do the simple questions.
And do you have the fact there are no suspensions
in the We Started Your Investigation?
Were you warning to genuinely encounter
a union pedophile in regards to many of the people
who were suspended after We Started Your Investigation,
including Warren Cole, like Eric Thomas?
There were suspensions before you started
on my car, but as far as I know, I'm the latest.
Well, please, you got the best part of the president,
Eddie.
Chair against the suggestion of this article
to ask well-offession with him time,
and that it should be in the same frame.
It'll be easier for the secretary,
easier for the committee.
It will help to express that together.
Will you reread the question, please?
Well, it's a good term.
But probably, you can read it.
Come.
I have a very different, very different.
Very difficult for the committee or the secretary
to get it to you.
Point to you in the same question.
I think the chairman is good to point
and make the president me up in two months, for the secretary.
Mr. Secretary, are you aware of the fact that the FBI turned
a serious up warning to your party in regard
to the security situation at fourth month?
Yes, sir.
And they named a factual number of individuals
in the warning as dangerous to the security of that threat.
Yeah, but I'm not prepared to go into individual.
I don't want you to.
But they did give you a list of names.
They've named, they considered, as dangerous in the second
work of that threat.
That's what FBI communications usually did in the lab.
Well, not individually listed.
Oh, yes, sir.
Yes, now, before our investigation started,
Mr. Wells made the attention of the secretary.
Before our investigation started, how many suspensions
were there?
I think there were six, as I recall, a senator.
Well, now you said there were six prior to October 14,
and that's right.
Now, I think I said that there were six prior to the start
of your official executive hearings,
on I think with the eighth of October.
No, I'm really, how many before the investigation
was started?
But the way before we started calling the witness
of the question, how many suspensions?
It gives you that very little data that you might not
know when that started.
You're giving the vote.
Can you give us a date of the first suspension
on the Eurovision?
I think most of those were in September
the six that I'm referring to.
The first hearing of the single-core, not
for the month specifically, but the single-core,
the first executive session was August 31.
You understand my answer?
Now, do you know when we started to interview witnesses
from the physical area of for the month?
No, I don't.
You know, I'm a fan of the man that inspired.
You know, you're a terrible child.
Do you want to have another attempt to go down?
Do you want to be sentenced?
We've been here.
We've been here to be sentenced.
One of us wishes the committee.
We've been here long because then the question
may be true, other than the harem, because the charges
too, there's some objection I think
to chair would like to suggest if we
be sentenced until 10th of November.
Do you want to call you please?
I'm in a seminary.
I want to be sentenced to a carcass
where he commented, uh,
are you inserting that FBI letter in the record?
No.
Uh, the message on the dirt
and that'll be entirely up to the chair.
I think first, we should have a Spanish woman
at a facility for the sentry final
of the Department of the Army.
Well, I think the committee then
on to authorize counsel, uh,
to accept these statements in the form of a deposition
without having its foreign from J. Edgar Hoover.
First is to whether the letter was written,
secondly, as to who it was written, third the day.
Generally, do I identify and then, of course,
I think it would be incumbent on J. Edgar Hoover to say,
whether or not he knew of the first one
in confidential nature, but that it,
whether there is any interdiction on it,
or any interdiction on it,
as being a statement.
All right.
The one effect is done before we meet you more and more.
Come and listen to that, thirdly,
using the law of Secretary's message
together with the letters in the box.
How much generally do you like to have a team,
uh, any suggestion about the right sessions
and Saturday sessions in the interest of exposition?
Uh, I'm just curious how to do it.
I have a comment.
The chair is presently in the evening night
and the service is presently concerned
that that will help expedite the area.
As you will, he is the creature of the, uh,
desires of his committee, which he hopes to continue
to be conveyed to him,
as he never missed a challenge or else.
I think that's applied on, which he spoke to Mr. Jacobs,
as well as the five years old of the Mr. Jacobs
would like to be heard.
It's pretty hard going to prepare your facts
as my triumphant day of the day,
and then have an evening session on it.
Sandra Culler was not seen without a sound
in the interest of the fourth trial lawyer,
but certainly has kept all hope tired.
They did not try to tear it apart.
You must have asked whether the interest of exposition
is necessary to spend more hours in the hearings
for the youth to further,
whether Mr. C. will do for a purpose.
He has also been subjected to a lot of the teeth,
whether you would rather have hearing anxiety or in the evening.
He already knows that as the article,
he will be responded because the chair goes by
and probably haven't gotten back to my home.
My all new is that if you put in the number of hours
with one again, you will do it all as much
as if you've grabbed your minds when you're tired
trying to prove something.
You're getting to wangle.
My observation about my session is that my time for a short
and that of other people,
I am just a call to the sessions to my sessions
and equally important to tired sessions.
But I have said before, my session is over.
If I have to do it, I will give just my suspenders
one more not as I'll do it, but I hope I don't have to.
We stand to recess and you'll tend to even
to chair the leaves we may have to have those night sessions
and very busy.
If we don't move more rapidly, we know us.
And so we come to the end of the night.
They have testimony in these hearings
for the end, no wear and sight.
In fact, we do not know whether Secretary
of the Army Robert T. Stevens is nearing the end
of his long-ardial and what this chair and not.
Before the start of today's session,
Senator McCarthy said that he had at least three days
of questioning of the Army Secretary
under a cross examination, which would indicate
that he may have two days more on the stand.
That is Secretary of the Army, Steven.
And of course, if this is great,
the hearings could drag on for weeks.
Most of this morning's session was taken up
with discussion of possible ways and means
of expediting the pace of these hearings,
fitting them up.
And at one point, Senator McCarthy agreed to take
the witness chair immediately after Secretary Stevens,
if the Army on its side would agree to call no other witnesses.
There was considerable discussion on this,
and it appeared that there was rather little basis
for any kind of an agreement.
Finally, the Democratic minority members of the committee,
the three of them, objected to the Republican proposal
to what they called off-tailed the inquiry
and those these speed-up efforts co-op.
The mutual network has been bringing you
this armed assault coverage direct from the caucus room
of the Senate Office Building in Washington
before the Senate's top committee on investigation.